[MUSIC]
>> TRUE JACKSON, VP
WAS FILMED IN FRONT
OF A LIVE STUDIO AUDIENCE.
OKAY, OKAY, THIS IS BAD,
BUT IT'S NOT TERRIBLE.
NOW, IT'S TERRIBLE.
>> WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?
>> WELL, UNLESS ANYONE
HAS A BETTER PLAN,
WHAT WE ARE GOING TO DO
IS GET EATEN BY A GIANT BEAR.
>> I CAN'T GET EATEN TODAY.
I JUST GOT A BOYFRIEND.
>> THIS IS THE WORST DAY EVER.
THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER.
I CAN'T BELIEVE MR. MADIGAN
IS REALLY GETTING MARRIED.
>> IT'S SO ROMANTIC.
>> IT'S AT THE ZOO.
>> STILL.
>> IF IT'S WHERE
MISS AIDEM WANTS IT,
IT'LL BE ROMANTIC.
>> I JUST WISH
IT WAS GONNA BE SOMEWHERE
THAT DIDN'T HAVE BIRDS.
>> THEY STILL GIVE YOU
THE CREEPS?
>> YEAH, NOT SURE WHY.
>> TRUE, YOU MIGHT WANT
TO HEAD IN TO THE STAFF MEETING.
>> GOOD IDEA,
DON'T WANT TO BE LATE.
I'LL BET MR. MADIGAN
IS PRETTY TENSE TODAY.
SHOULD WE WAKE HIM?
>> IT'S HARD TO SAY.
HE SEEMS SO PEACEFUL.
>> OH GOOD, YOU'RE ALL HERE.
HOW LONG WAS I OUT?
>> ONLY A MOMENT.
>> HALF AN HOUR.
>> AS YOU KNOW,
I WILL BE MARRYING TRUE'S
SCHOOL LIBRARIAN TODAY.
[APPLAUSE]
THANK YOU.
UNDERNEATH YOUR CHAIRS
IS YOUR TABLE ASSIGNMENT
FOR THE RECEPTION.
>> I'D BETTER GET A GOOD TABLE.
>> MAYBE WE'LL BE SITTING
AT THE SAME TABLE.
>> I SAID I WANTED A GOOD TABLE.
>> AW, SNAP.
I WALKED RIGHT INTO THAT ONE.
>> I'M SURE YOU'RE ALL CHOMPING
AT THE BIT TO KNOW
WHERE YOU'RE SITTING,
SO GO AHEAD AND TAKE THEM NOW.
DUE TO SPACE LIMITATIONS,
NOT EVERYONE WILL BE ABLE
TO ATTEND THE WEDDING.
MY HEARTFELT APOLOGIES
FOR ANYONE WHO DIDN'T GET
A TABLE ASSIGNMENT.
NOW GET OUT.
YES, TRUE?
>> WILL WE BE GOING
OVER OUR DESIGNS
FOR THE NEW FALL LINE?
>> WE WILL NOT.
BECAUSE OF TODAY'S
EXCITING OCCASION,
ALL WORK ACTIVITIES
HAVE BEEN CANCELED.
WITH ONE EXCEPTION:
THE COMPLETION
OF THE WEDDING DRESS.
I KNOW MANY OF YOU
ARE ANXIOUS TO KNOW
WHICH GOWN MY BRIDE CHOSE.
>> WAS IT MINE?
>> TELL ME IT WAS MINE.
>> ALAS,
DORIS HASN'T DECIDED YET.
BUT REST ASSURED,
A WINNER WILL BE CHOSEN SOON.
>> I THINK IT'S GONNA BE MINE.
I'M WEARING
MY LUCKY BRACELET.
>> GIVE ME THAT.
[MUSIC]
♪ FROM MY HEAD TO MY TOES ♪
♪ IT'S ALL REAL ♪
♪ AND YOU KNOW FRESH AND COOL ♪
♪ IT'S JUST WHAT I DO ♪
♪ T-R-U-E-J-A-C-K-S-O-N-V-P ♪
♪ WORKING AT A GROWN UP JOB ♪
♪ I NEVER REALLY KNEW ♪
♪ I COULD WORK THIS HARD ♪
♪ USED TO SIT AT HOME ♪
♪ AND WATCH TV ♪
♪ NOW I'M IN AN OFFICE ♪
♪ AS A NEW VP ♪
♪ I'M ALWAYS SETTING TRENDS ♪
♪ WITH MY TWO BEST FRIENDS ♪
♪ WHEN THINGS GET OUT OF HAND ♪
♪ WE HAVE A PLAN ♪
♪ WE JUST MESSIN' AROUND ♪
♪ AND WE MAKING NEW GROUND ♪
♪ FOR THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD ♪
♪ TO SEE ♪
♪ IF YOU SEE US IN TOWN ♪
♪ YOU KNOW WHAT'S GOING DOWN ♪
♪ CAUSE I'M THE NEW VP ♪
[MUSIC]
>> HEY OSCAR,
ASK ME HOW MANY WALNUTS I HAD
THIS MORNING.
>> TEN.
>> A THOUSAND.
>> YOU LIKE WALNUTS?
>> I DO NOT.
THEY GIVE ME THE FLUTES.
>> MATTHIEU.
MATTHIEU.
>> GESUNDHEIT.
>> I'M NOT SNEEZING.
I'M CALLING FOR MATTHIEU,
THE WEDDING PLANNER
THAT DORIS HIRED.
I GOT A CALL
HE WAS IN THE BUILDING.
>> OH, HE HASN'T COME UP YET,
MR. MADIGAN.
>> I'LL GO CHECK THE LOBBY.
>> I'LL WAIT HERE.
>> MR. LARUE.
>> YES.
>> MR. MADIGAN
WILL BE RIGHT BACK.
>> HAS THE CAKE ARRIVED?
>> THEY PUT IT
IN THE BREAK ROOM.
>> I NEED TO SEE THE CAKE.
>> I'M POINTING.
STOP STARING AT MY HAND
AND FOLLOW THE DIRECTION
THAT I'M POINTING.
>> THE CAKE.
WHERE IS THE CAKE?
>> I'M HEADING THAT WAY NOW.
I'LL TAKE YOU.
WHOA, HOW COME
I NEVER SAW THIS BEFORE?
OW.
WHERE'D YOU GET THAT RULER?
>> I CARRY ONE AT ALL TIMES,
IN CASE OF AN EMERGENCY.
>> A MEASURING EMERGENCY?
>> YOUNG MAN, I AM PUTTING YOU
IN CHARGE OF THIS CAKE.
>> LOOK, I DON'T KNOW YOU,
BUT THAT MAY BE THE WORST IDEA
YOU'VE EVER HAD.
>> I'M PUTTING YOU IN CHARGE
BECAUSE IF EVEN AN OUNCE
OF FROSTING IS EATEN,
YOU'RE THE ONE RESPONSIBLE.
I WILL SAW OFF YOUR HEAD
AND MOUNT IT OVER MY FIREPLACE.
>> YOU HAVE A FIREPLACE?
PRETTY FANCY.
>> MMM, THAT LOOKS GOOD.
>> DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT,
HIBBERT.
>> DO YOU THINK MIKEY J.
WILL EVER ASK ME TO MARRY HIM?
>> MAYBE.
HE'S PRETTY SHY, THOUGH.
>> I KNOW.
HE ONLY RECENTLY
GOT UP THE NERVE
TO ASK ME MY LAST NAME.
>> TRUE...
>> MR. MADIGAN,
YOU CAN'T SEE THE DRESS.
IT'S BAD LUCK.
NOW, WHAT IS IT YOU WANTED?
>> I WAS HOPING YOU'D SIT IN
ON MY MEETING WITH MR. LARUE,
OUR WEDDING PLANNER.
I'M AT A BIT AT A LOSS
WITH ALL THIS WEDDING NONSENSE--
I MEAN PREPARATION.
>> JUST MAKE IT A DAY
YOU'LL WANT TO REMEMBER FOREVER.
>> I'M SORRY, WHAT?
>> NO PEEKING.
>> ALL I WANT
IS FOR DORIS TO BE HAPPY,
BUT SHE'S SO ON EDGE,
I'M NOT SURE
THAT THAT CAN HAPPEN.
>> JUST LET HER HAVE
WHATEVER WEDDING SHE WANTS.
>> WELL, THAT IS WHAT I'M DOING.
IF IT WAS UP TO ME,
WE'D HAVE A SIMPLE CEREMONY
IN THE OFFICE RIGHT HERE
WITH OSCAR OFFICIATING.
>> DON'T MAKE ME TELL YOU AGAIN.
>> WHERE HAVE I HEARD
THAT THREATENING TONE BEFORE?
>> MAX, GET OUT HERE!
>> AH YES, I REMEMBER.
COMING, HONEY.
>> I ALMOST DON'T KNOW
HOW TO TELL YOU THIS.
IT'S TRAGIC.
>> WHAT? WHAT IS IT?
>> I ORDERED WHITE SHOES
AND THEY GAVE ME THESE.
>> THESE ARE WHITE SHOES.
>> THEY ARE?
>> YES.
NOTICE THE ABSENCE OF COLOR?
HOW THE WHITE OF THE HEEL
IS ONLY MATCHED
BY THE SLIGHTLY WHITER WHITE
OF THE STRAP?
>> YES, THEY DO SEEM WHITE NOW.
I'M SORRY.
I JUST GOT A LITTLE...
>> INSANE?
>> CONCERNED.
>> CONCERNED YES,
THAT'S WHAT I MEANT.
ANYWAY, NO REASON FOR ALARM.
>> YOU'RE MY ROCK, MAX.
YOU MAKE ME FEEL SAFE.
>> THANK YOU.
BY THE WAY,
THEY ORDERED THE WRONG CHAIRS.
>> WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
>> MISS AIDEM.
>> OH, HI TRUE.
>> TRUE ASKED TO SIT IN
ON OUR MEETING
AND I JUST DIDN'T HAVE THE HEART
TO SAY NO.
>> NO, I DIDN'T.
>> YES, YOU DID.
>> I MEAN, CAN I?
>> DORIS.
>> MATTHIEU.
>> GESUNDHEIT.
>> THANK GOODNESS YOU'RE HERE.
>> I'VE ASKED MY ASSOCIATE
TO JOIN US.
>> I'M TRUE JACKSON, VP.
>> SHALL WE GO TO MY OFFICE?
>> I THOUGHT
THIS WAS YOUR OFFICE.
>> NO,
THIS IS THE RECEPTION AREA.
MY OFFICE IS DOWN THE HALL.
>> WHERE?
>> I'M TRYING TO SHOW YOU,
BUT YOU JUST KEEP STARING
AT MY HAND.
>> I AM SO EXCITED
ABOUT THE WEDDING.
I HAVEN'T BEEN TO THE ZOO
SINCE THE SIXTH GRADE.
WE USED TO GO EVERY YEAR,
UNTIL RYAN SNUCK
INTO THE REPTILE HOUSE
AND TIED
ALL THE GARDEN SNAKES TOGETHER
TO FORM ONE SUPER SNAKE.
>> I'M SORRY?
>> NOT AS SORRY AS THOSE SNAKES.
THEY HAD A HISSY FIT.
GET IT?
HISSSSSY FIT.
>> I DON'T GET IT.
>> I HAVE IN MY HAND
THE WEDDING MANIFEST.
IF THIS LIST
IS FOLLOWED TO A TEE,
MAX AND DORIS WILL LIVE
HAPPILY EVER AFTER.
>> AW, I LIKE THIS STORY.
>> BUT IF EVEN ONE THING
ON THIS LIST GOES WRONG,
THEN THE MARRIAGE IS DOOMED.
>> OOH, THIS STORY
TOOK A DARK TURN.
>> I WILL PERSONALLY
CHECK IN THE GUESTS AT 3:00,
FOLLOWED BY THE CEREMONY
AND A TASTEFUL RECEPTION
BY THE WARTHOG PIT.
>> IT'S SO ROMANTIC.
>> DORIS...
>> YES?
>> HAVE YOU DECIDED WHICH DRESS
YOU'LL BE WEARING?
>> NOT YET.
>> THE TIME HAS COME TO CHOOSE.
>> ARE YOUR MODELS READY?
>> WELL, UNFORTUNATELY,
MAX GAVE THE MODELS
THE DAY OFF,
BUT WE IMPROVISED.
>> THEY'RE BOTH SPECTABULOUS.
THIS IS REALLY HARD.
>> PSSST, KOPELMAN.
>> OKAY.
NOW THIS IS A BIG DECISION,
SO PLEASE CHOOSE WISELY.
NO NEED TO HURRY.
WE HAVE ALL THE TIME IN--
JUST PICK IT ALREADY!
>> I PICK THIS ONE.
>> YAY.
>> THANK YOU
FOR THE OPPORTUNITY.
YOU'LL LOOK BEAUTIFUL.
>> YOU WON, TRUE.
AREN'T YOU EXCITED?
>> YEAH.
I JUST WISH AMANDA DIDN'T LOSE.
DID YOU SEE HER FACE?
>> WOULD YOU BELIEVE
I ALMOST NEVER LOOK AT HER FACE?
TRUE STORY.
>> WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING
IN MY OFFICE?
>> WE HAD TO FIND
SOMEWHERE TO TALK
WHERE NO ONE WILL HEAR US.
>> DORIS IS HAVING
A MINOR MELTDOWN
ABOUT THE SEATING PLAN.
APPARENTLY SOMEONE
PUT HER UNCLE LOUIS
NEXT TO HER AUNT MELINDA.
THEY HAD A MESSY DIVORCE
20 YEARS AGO.
>> WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME
THEY SAW EACH OTHER?
>> THIS MORNING.
THEY STILL LIVE TOGETHER.
>> IF WE PUT HER UNCLE
AT THE HENDERSON TABLE...
>> NO, NO, NO, THAT WON'T WORK.
THE HENDERSONS ARE FIREFIGHTERS
AND HER UNCLE LOUIS
IS A KNOWN ARSONIST.
>> I CAN'T DO THIS.
>> MR. LARUE,
NOT TO TELL YOU YOUR BUSINESS,
BUT DON'T YOU THINK
YOU NEED AN ASSISTANT?
>> FINE, YOU'RE MY ASSISTANT.
>> OH NO, I DIDN'T MEAN ME.
>> TOO LATE,
I'VE ALREADY STARTED
THE PAPERWORK.
>> WELL, I THINK
IT'S A GREAT IDEA.
WHO'S MORE TRUSTWORTHY THAN YOU?
>> LOTS OF PEOPLE.
OSCAR.
>> TRUE, NO.
>> YOU CAN HEAR ME
FROM WAY OVER THERE?
OH SURE, NOW, YOU CAN'T HEAR ME.
[MUSIC]
>> AND THERE CAN'T BE
ANY CANDLES ON THE TABLE.
THE BRIDE
HAS AN INCREDIBLE AVERSION
TO STRONG SMELLS.
>> THERE'S A BIG THING
OF ELEPHANT POOP RIGHT THERE.
>> IT'S NOT POOP, IT'S SLOP.
>> EITHER WAY,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYIN'?
>> THAT'S ONE.
>> WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
>> I WON'T TOLERATE
INSUBORDINATION.
>> I DIDN'T MEAN ANYTHING BY IT.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD JUST CALM DOWN
A LITTLE.
>> OH, YOU THINK I'M NOT CALM?
>> WELL, YEAH.
>> THAT'S TWO.
>> MR. LARUE, DO YOU NEED A HUG?
>> A WHAT?
>> YOU SEEM PRETTY STRESSED OUT.
LET ME GIVE YOU A HUG.
>> WHAT, HUH, HEY, NO--
>> THAT'S THREE.
CONGRATULATIONS,
YOU ARE IN CHARGE NOW.
>> NO. NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
>> IT'S TOO LATE.
I'VE ALREADY STARTED
THE PAPERWORK.
>> NO, I DON'T WANT
TO BE IN CHARGE.
[MUSIC]
>> OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
WHAT AM I GONNA DO?
>> UH-OH.
>> WHAT?
>> YOU'RE TALKING TO YOURSELF.
THAT'S NEVER GOOD.
>> I'M IN REALLY BIG TROUBLE
THIS TIME, LU.
MR. MADIGAN'S WEDDING PLANNER
QUIT AND PUT ME IN CHARGE.
>> IT'S OKAY.
YOU'VE GOT UNTIL 3:00
TO FIX EVERYTHING.
[BELL RINGS]
>> OH NO.
PEOPLE ARE GONNA BE COMING
ANY MINUTE AND I'M NOT READY.
>> HEY, WHY WAS THAT
JITTERY WEDDING PLANNER
HOSING HIMSELF OFF
BY THE GIRAFFE HUT?
>> RYAN, CAN YOU MAKE SOME SIGNS
AND MARK THE WAY
TO THE RESTROOMS?
>> UH, I DON'T WANT
TO BE A JERK,
BUT I'M A GUEST HERE, SO...
>> YOU'RE GONNA BE A GUEST
WITH A BLACK EYE
IF YOU DON'T HELP ME.
>> ALRIGHT, ALRIGHT,
I'LL MAKE SOME SIGNS.
>> YEAH.
OH, OSCAR, GOOD YOU'RE HERE.
>> YES, AND I'M SO HAPPY
TO BE OUT FROM BEHIND MY DESK.
>> THAT'S GREAT.
MR. LARUE QUIT,
SO CAN YOU SIT
BEHIND THE ARRIVAL DESK
AND CHECK PEOPLE IN?
>> SURE.
>> AND LULU, I'M GONNA NEED YOU
TO BE IN CHARGE
OF THE DOVE RELEASE.
>> YOU HAVE GOT TO BE JOKING.
>> DO I LOOK LIKE I'M JOKING?
>> DO I LOOK LIKE I'M GETTING
WITHIN 80 FEET OF A BIRD?
FORGET IT.
GET OSCAR TO DO IT.
>> SORRY, BUSY.
>> WHAT DO YOU HAVE?
BIONIC EARS?
>> SIGN'S DONE.
CAN I GET
SOME MINI CRAB CAKES NOW?
AND YOU BETTER SAY YES
'CAUSE I ALREADY ATE
A WHOLE TRAY.
>> SPEAKING OF CAKES,
CAN YOU PUT THE WEDDING CAKE
BY THE ENTRANCE
SO PEOPLE CAN SEE IT?
>> THE WEDDING CAKE?
>> YOU DID REMEMBER
THE WEDDING CAKE, RIGHT?
>> UHH...
>> HIBBERT, WHAT DID I TELL YOU
ABOUT EATING THIS CAKE?
>> I DIDN'T.
>> THIS HAPPENS TO BE MORE
THAN JUST A DELICIOUS MOUND
OF CAKEY GOODNESS,
IT'S A SYMBOL OF MR. MADIGAN'S
UNFLINCHING LOVE.
OKAY, ONE LITTLE TASTE.
>> YOU KNOCKED OVER
THE WEDDING CAKE.
>> NO, I DIDN'T.
>> I SAW YOU.
I WAS STANDING PRETTY MUCH
WHERE I AM RIGHT NOW,
LOOKING DIRECTLY AT THE CAKE.
>> FINE, BUT I CAN FIX IT.
ALL I NEED
IS A BOX OF WEDDING CAKE MIX,
80 EGGS AND A CRAZY BIG BOWL.
OH, WHO AM I KIDDING?
I CAN'T MAKE A CAKE
THAT TASTES AS AWESOME
AS THAT ONE PROBABLY DID.
>> ACTUALLY,
IT DOESN'T HAVE TO TASTE GOOD.
NO ONE REALLY EATS WEDDING CAKE.
>> THEY DON'T?
>> NO, IT'S MOSTLY
JUST FOR SHOW.
>> AMANDA CANTWELL.
>> YES, I KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
>> I BELIEVE
I'M AT THE HEAD TABLE,
WITH THE BRIDE AND GROOM.
>> NO, THEY HAVE YOU AT TABLE 48
WITH UNCLE LOUIS THE ARSONIST.
>> AND IS THERE
A MRS. UNCLE LOUIS THE ARSONIST?
>> I DON'T KNOW.
>> WELL, JUST TO BE SAFE,
I THINK I'M GONNA GO
POWDER UP A BIT.
OH, OH,
WHERE'S THE LADIES' ROOM?
>> RYAN WAS SUPPOSED
TO PUT UP SIGNS.
>> OH YES, I SEE ONE NOW.
THIS DOES NOT APPEAR
TO BE THE LADIES' ROOM AT ALL.
OKAY.
OH.
OH, HELLO, BEAR.
I'LL JUST BE BACK HERE.
>> REMEMBER,
WE CANNOT TELL MS. AIDEM
THAT HER WEDDING PLANNER QUIT.
SHE'S ALREADY TOTALLY ON EDGE.
>> I DON'T KNOW WHY.
IT'S REALLY LOVELY HERE.
>> WHERE'S RYAN WITH THAT CAKE?
>> HELP.
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK?
>> IT'S ABOUT THE RIGHT SIZE.
>> NOW WHAT CAN I PUT ON IT
THAT LOOKS LIKE FROSTING?
>> THERE'S A TON OF WHITE GLUE
IN THE SUPPLY ROOM.
>> HIBBERT,
YOU'RE A REAL IDEA MAN.
I DON'T KNOW WHY EVERYONE SAYS
YOU'LL NEVER GO ANYWHERE.
>> THEY SAY THAT?
>> OH, LULU,
DON'T LET THE DOOR...CLOSE.
>> OH NO, THIS IS BAD.
>> I KNOW. WE'RE TRAPPED.
>> NO, I MEANT I REALLY
HAVE TO GO TO THE BATHROOM.
>> WELL, GO AHEAD.
THE BEAR DOESN'T SEEM TO MIND.
I'VE SEEN HIM GO 10 TIMES
SINCE I'VE BEEN IN HERE.
[BEAR GROWLS]
ELEVEN.
>> THAT DOESN'T LOOK SO BAD.
YEAH.
UH-OH.
NOBODY TAKE ANY.
IT'S ALL WOOD AND GLUE.
COULD YOU PRESS LOBBY, PLEASE?
>> THIS IS WAY HARDER
THAN I THOUGHT IT'D BE.
I'M EXHAUSTED.
MAYBE I SHOULD GO
SPLASH SOME WATER ON MY FACE.
>> THE LADIES' ROOM
IS OVER THERE.
>> THIS ISN'T THE LADIES' ROOM.
>> WHAT GAVE IT AWAY?
THE SMALL PILE OF HUMAN BONES
IN THE CORNER?
>> AMANDA? LULU?
>> HI. WE'RE TRAPPED.
>> TRAPPED.
OKAY, OKAY, THIS IS BAD,
BUT IT'S NOT TERRIBLE.
NOW IT'S TERRIBLE.
>> HEY, OSCAR.
>> OH GOOD,
YOU'RE HERE WITH THE CAKE.
TRUE WANTS YOU TO PUT IT
ON THE TABLE OVER THERE.
>> YEAH, MAYBE I'LL JUST HOLD
THE CAKE,
SO EVERYONE CAN GET
A BETTER LOOK AT IT.
IT'S CLASSY.
>> MATTHIEU?
>> MR. LARUE TOOK
A LITTLE BREAK.
>> A BREAK?
I'VE BEEN WAITING
BEHIND THE TURKEY COMPOUND
FOR OVER AN HOUR.
AND WHY ARE YOU
HOLDING THE CAKE?
>> IT'S CLASSY.
>> WHY DON'T YOU TALK TO TRUE?
SHE'S IN THE LADIES' ROOM.
>> OH, OKAY.
>> WHAT IS THAT?
IS THAT AN ANIMAL?
IS THERE AN ANIMAL ON ME?
>> DORIS, CALM DOWN.
>> YOU CALM DOWN.
>> TRUE, WHERE'S MATTHIEU?
>> OH YEAH, ABOUT THAT.
HE QUIT.
>> QUIT?
THIS WEDDING IS A DISASTER.
ALL I WANTED
WAS THE PERFECT DAY,
BUT ALL I GOT WAS--
>> THAT'S IT.
DORIS, COME WITH ME!
>> MY DRESS IS RUINED.
EVERYTHING'S RUINED.
>> STOP IT.
NOTHING'S RUINED.
>> BUT MY DRESS--
>> IT'S NOT
ABOUT THE DRESS, DORIS.
LIFE ISN'T ABOUT WHAT YOU WEAR.
OR CAKES OR PARTIES
OR WHO SITS NEXT TO WHOM.
LIFE IS ABOUT TWO PEOPLE
WHO LOOK ACROSS A CROWDED ROOM
AND ONLY SEE EACH OTHER.
THAT'S WHAT TODAY IS ABOUT,
AND THAT'S ALL THAT MATTERS.
>> WOW.
I FEEL SO SAFE WITH YOU, MAX.
LET ME SEE YOUR FACE,
YOUR STRONG, FEARLESS FACE.
>> YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO GO
IN THE SNAKE HOUSE.
THEY'LL CHASE YOU
ALL AROUND THE ZOO FOR THAT,
SO...
>> THANK YOU, LASERBEAM.
I WASN'T AWARE OF THAT.
>> SO, WHAT'S HAPPENING?
IS THE WEDDING OFF?
>> IT SURE LOOKS THAT WAY.
>> COME ON,
WE CAN STILL HAVE THE WEDDING.
>> HOW?
>> BACK AT THE OFFICE.
>> EVEN THOUGH THIS DAY
ISN'T ABOUT THE DRESS,
IT IS SORT OF FALLING
OFF MY BODY.
>> THERE'S AN EVEN NICER DRESS
BACK AT THE OFFICE.
>> THERE IS?
>> AMANDA'S.
>> OSCAR, WILL YOU MARRY US?
>> I'D BE HONORED.
>> TO THE OFFICE.
>> THANK YOU.
>> DON'T THANK ME.
YOU'RE THE ONE
THAT SAVED THE DAY.
>> SHE SHOULD'VE PICKED MINE
TO BEGIN WITH.
>> DON'T RUIN THE MOMENT,
AMANDA.
[MUSIC]
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK?
>> GREAT JOB.
NOW I CAN CHECK THAT
OFF MY WEDDING MANIFEST.
IT'S REALLY JUST A NOTEBOOK.
>> OKAY, I GOT ALL THE BIRDS
IN YOUR OFFICE,
READY FOR THE DOVE RELEASE.
>> WHAT?
YOU CAN'T RELEASE BIRDS
IN AN OFFICE.
>> WELL, THANKS FOR TELLING ME.
I TOOK A CAB HERE
WITH 120 BIRDS.
YOU DIDN'T HEAR ME SHRIEKING?
>> THEY'RE ON THEIR WAY.
>> EVERYBODY, GET IN YOUR SEATS,
THE CEREMONY IS ABOUT TO START.
>> I CALL FRONT ROW.
MOVE IT, HIBBERT.
>> LULU, MUSIC.
[MUSIC]
>> GETTING OUT.
EXCUSE ME, GETTING OUT.
>> DEARLY BELOVED,
WE ARE GATHERED HERE TODAY
TO CELEBRATE THE UNION
OF MAXWELL MADIGAN
AND DORIS DELORES AIDEM.
I BELIEVE YOU'VE EACH WRITTEN
YOUR VOWS.
>> YES.
MAX, YOU'RE THE TALLEST MAN
I'VE EVER MET,
AT LEAST SEVEN FEET TALL.
WHEN YOU WALK INTO A ROOM,
NO MATTER HOW I'M FEELING,
I SMILE.
>> DORIS, WHEN TRUE
FIRST INTRODUCED US,
I THOUGHT YOU WERE CRAZY.
BUT AS I'VE GOTTEN
TO KNOW YOU--
I'M SURE OF IT.
BUT THE FACT IS,
I'M CRAZY ABOUT YOU.
>> DO YOU HAVE THE RING?
>> RYAN.
>> YEAH?
>> THE RING.
>> OH, RIGHT.
>> BY THE POWER VESTED IN ME
BY YOUCANBEAMINISTER.NET,
I NOW PRONOUNCE YOU
HUSBAND AND WIFE.
[APPLAUSE]
>> THIS REALLY
IS THE BEST DAY EVER.
LET'S DANCE.
[MUSIC]
CAPTIONING PERFORMED BY
PEOPLESUPPORT
TRANSCRIPTION & CAPTIONING